feat(parsers/csv): Add metadata support to CSV parser plugin (#10083)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/parsers/csv/README.md

  ## If this is not specified, type conversion will be done on the types above.
  csv_column_types = []

  ## Indicates the number of rows to skip before looking for metadata and header information.
  csv_skip_rows = 0
  
  

>   ## Indicates the number of rows that parse for metadata before looking for header information.
>   ## Indicates how many rows to parse for metadata. By default, the parser assumes there are no 
>   ## metadata rows to parse. If set, the parser would use the regex provided in the csv_metadata_regex 
>   ## to look for metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ## Indicates the number of rows to parse as metadata before looking for header information. 
  ## By default, the parser assumes there are no metadata rows to parse. 
  ## If set, the parser would use the regex provided in the csv_metadata_regex  to look for metadata.
```

  # csv_metadata_rows = 0

>   ## A list of regex patters with two subgroups named key and value. If csv_metadata_rows is set,
>   ## csv_metadata_regex must contain atleaset one regex patters. Metadata key and value must be
>   ## on the same row.
>   ## For example:
>   ## Useing "(?P<key>\w+)[=](?P<value>\w+)" to parse "key1=value1" would return key1 and value1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ## A list of regex patterns with two subgroups named key and value. If csv_metadata_rows is set,
  ## csv_metadata_regex must contain at least one regex patterns. Metadata key and value must be
  ## on the same row.
  ## For example:
  ## Using "(?P<key>\w+)[=](?P<value>\w+)" to parse "key1=value1" would return key1 and value1
```

  ## If this is not specified, type conversion will be done on the types above.
  csv_column_types = []

  ## Indicates the number of rows to skip before looking for metadata and header information.
  csv_skip_rows = 0
  
  
  ## Indicates the number of rows to parse as metadata before looking for header information. 
  ## By default, the parser assumes there are no metadata rows to parse. 
  ## If set, the parser would use the provided separators in the cvs_metadata_separators to look for metadata.
  ## Please note that by default, the (key, value) pairs will be added as fields. 
  ## Use the tag_columns to convert the metadata into tags.
  csv_metadata_rows = 0
  
  ## A list of metadata separators. If csv_metadata_rows is set,
  ## cvs_metadata_separators must contain at least one separator.
  ## Please note that separators are case sensitive and the sequence of the seperators are respected.

>   cvs_metadata_separators = [":", "="]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  csv_metadata_separators = [":", "="]
```

  ## If this is not specified, type conversion will be done on the types above.
  csv_column_types = []

  ## Indicates the number of rows to skip before looking for metadata and header information.
  csv_skip_rows = 0
  
  
  ## Indicates the number of rows to parse as metadata before looking for header information. 
  ## By default, the parser assumes there are no metadata rows to parse. 
  ## If set, the parser would use the provided separators in the cvs_metadata_separators to look for metadata.
  csv_metadata_rows = 0
  
  ## A list of metadata separators. If csv_metadata_rows is set,
  ## cvs_metadata_separators must contain at least one separator.
  ## Please note that separators are case sensitive.
  ## For example:
  ## cvs_metadata_separators = [",", ":", "="]
  ## to parse "Key1,Value1" "Key2:Value2" "Key3=Value3"
  ## the returned (key,value) pares would be as follows:

>   ## (Key1,Value1), (Key2,Value2), (Key3,Value3)

Reviewer 3: This section confuses me a bit. I think you better write the resulting tags/fields in influx format.

Author: Good idea. I will do that tomorrow.

Reviewer 3: You also might want to add here (or in the section for `metadata_rows`) that the key value pairs will be added as field by default and they can use `tag_columns` to convert them to tags.

Author: Done

>   cvs_metadata_separators = [","]

Reviewer 3: Would `=` or `:` not be a better default value? It seems to me those are more commonly used to express key and values.

Author: The reason I have used ',' is because its a CSV file and logically you would separate the key value with commas.

For what I need this feature, I need ':' and '='. But if I had the option to rewrite the code I would not use two different separator characters.

Reviewer 3: In CSV, you separate the columns/values with `,` There are no key-value pairs. I would still use either `=` or `:` as default example as that will be more clear to users what it does.

  
  ## A set of metadata trim characters. 
  ## If cvs_metadata_trim_cutset is not set, no trimming is performed.
  ## Please note that the trim cutset is case sensitive.
  ## For example, given the following:
  ## cvs_metadata_separators = [",", ":", "="]
  ## cvs_metadata_trim_set = " #'"
  ## to parse "# Version = 1.1" "Creation Date: '2021-11-01'"
  ## the returned (key,value) pares would be as follows:
  ## (Version,1.1), (Creation Date,2021-11-01)

>   cvs_metadata_trim_set = ""

Reviewer 3: `separators` is an array and `trim_set` is a string, that doesn't seem consistent..

Author: When trimming you give a string of characters, but when splitting key value pairs you need to have a unique set of separator strings ordered by their length.

Reviewer 3: @srebhan what are your thoughts on this?

Reviewer 2: I tend to agree with @etycomputer as this is a set of characters. Maybe we should name the option `csv_metadata_trim_characters`?

cpu cpu=cpu0,time_user=42,time_system=42,time_idle=42 1536869008000000000
```

Config:

```toml
[[inputs.file]]
  files = ["example"]
  data_format = "csv"
  csv_metadata_rows = 2
  cvs_metadata_separators = [":", "="]
  cvs_metadata_trim_set = " #"
  csv_header_row_count = 1
  csv_tag_columns = ["Version","File Created"]
  csv_timestamp_column = "time"
  csv_timestamp_format = "2006-01-02T15:04:05Z07:00"
```

Input:

> ```shell

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```text
```
maybe `csv` is also possible?

# Version=1.1
# File Created: 2021-11-17T07:02:45+10:00
measurement,cpu,time_user,time_system,time_idle,time
cpu,cpu0,42,42,42,2018-09-13T13:03:28Z
```

Output:

> ```shell

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```text
```
